# Assignment-2.
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
<title> Assignment-2</title>
 </head>
 <body>
   <h1>Personal imformation</h1>
<p><b> Names: Alexender (Alex) Ball, Madiha Sabahat, Samantha (sam) Kurlic, William (troy) hansen.</b>
  
  My name is<b> Alexander (Alex) Ball</b>, I am 24 and I live on the Gold Coast with my Fiancé and Fur Baby. I currently work in the Electrical Wholesale Industry as an Internal Sales/Key Account Manager. I enjoy most sports (Mainly Basketball and Cricket) and I play video games and read in my spare time (Which I don't have much of!). I have always had an interest in the IT field but haven't been in the financial position until now.
 Test Result: Myers-Briggs Test: Type Adventurer (ISFP-A) Traits: Introverted-52% Observant-71% Feeling-53& Prospecting-63% Assertive-53% Role: Explorer. strategy: Confident Individualism. Learning Style Test: Tactile.
  
  My name is <b>Madiha Sabahat.</b> I am 28 years old and married. I Live in Sydney. I was born in Pakistan, moved to Australia in 2013. My Hobbies are Reading,gardening, watching and playing Cricket.  No background in IT but always had interest in cybersecurity and digital forensics.
Test results: Madiha Sabahat, Personality Type Mediator, Traits: Introverted 78%, Intuitive 70%, Feeling 88%, Prospecting 67%, Turbulent 57%.
  
  My name is <b>Samantha Kurilic (Sam),</b> Student ID is S3928074. I am 42 years old currently working in the disability sector as a Support Coordinator and mentoring staff. My hobbies include painting, interior decorating, camping and going out for coffee. My interest in IT is Cyber security and IT support/ Desktop support, I have no previous experience in IT. 
Personality Type Defender, traits: Introvert 53, observant 70, feeling 63, judging 76, Asserted 71. Learning styles test, Good at learning hands on, gets bored with text books, Visual 56 %, auditory 56 %.
  
  <b>William (Troy) Hansen ,</b> 50 years old, Married. Former Chef, bakes professional Birthday Cakes. No formal background in Information technology, Interest in Cyber Security. He talked about personal experience that sparked his interest in Information Technology.I studied to be a chef in 1990 at Rockhampton T.A.F.E. After that i came back to Brisbane, and tried to find work as an apprentice chef, No luck, So i went to work with my Dad as a House Painter, We did that for a few years, That was Dad's profession,I then got a job at Warehouse that deals in Stainless Steel. Then I got into Security Did that for about 15 years on and off. Then my wife and I were diagnosed with depression and anxiety. I had to give up on security to look after my wife.
Personality type Defender, Traits: Introvert 80%, observant 62%, feeling 74%, judging 64%. Learning style test: Visual 60%, Preferred learning style Visual.</p>

  <p><b> Alex Ball on Robotics.</b></p>
  
  <h1>Robotics:</h1> 
<p> A Robot, as defined by Britannica, is<b> “any automatically operated machine that replaces human effort, though it may not resemble human beings in appearance or perform functions in a humanlike manner”</b> (robot | Definition, History, Uses, Types, & Facts, 2021). In this day and age this could describe many different things in our society, from household appliances like automatic coffee machines, to automatic assembly lines in car construction plant. All of these items are classified as<b> “Robots”</b> as they can perform tasks without human interaction. However, when someone is talking about a robot, most people would think of science-fiction characters such as R2-D2 and Optimus Prime instead of the items listed above that actually exist now, However the reality of having robots walking around and prevalent in our society isn’t as far away as you would think. The<b> “AtlasTM“</b> by Boston Dynamics is one such Robot that is starting to reach the technology level that has up until recently only been seen in Science-Fiction.</p>
<p> The Atlas robot is able to run, jump, dance and perform moves such as backflips. The aim of the Atlas project is to push the bounds of robotics forward, and as such they have one of the most humanlike robots in existence. It is 1.5m tall and weighs approximately 90kg (Atlas, 2021). The team at Boston Dynamics have so far programmed the Atlas robot to do activities such as Dance, perform basic parkour and traverse obstacle courses. As such it is currently one of the most<b> “humanlike”</b> robots that exists today. At the other end of the spectrum are the robots that have been deployed in the automotive manufacturing industry since the 1960’s. The original iteration of these robots was only originally used for spot welding, but their use has since grown massively. They are still used for welding, but they can now also move materials around and install them on the vehicle, paint and seal and cut away excess material. These robots are now a mainstay in the manufacturing industry and are crucial to the industries continued development.</p>
<p> Looking forward however, the future of the robotics field looks like it will be closing the gap between science and science-fiction.Recently Tesla announced plans to create its own <b>“Humanoid Robot”</b> (Elon Musk’s Tesla Bot raises serious concerns – but probably not the ones you think, 2021). This robot’s concept plans show that it looks very similar to a human. The aim of the<b> “Tesla-Bot”</b> is to essentially be a robotic butler. When it was announced Elon Musk claimed that the Tesla-Bot could perform many varied manual labour tasks. This product could massively change how we live our lives. With this robot in every household, it would eliminate the need to go grocery shopping and even the task of cooking dinner. Not all of the impacts of this technology is good, it has the potential to limit the need for certain jobs and services. One such service that could be the food delivery service, this service has had a recent upturn in usage from the Covid-19 pandemic, but it could potentially be threatened by the development of this new technology.</p>
<p> The Tesla-bot, or another similar product, could also remove then need for Housekeepers/Nannies as it could have the technology needed to upkeep an entire household without the need to have someone employed in the role.  While this technology has some obvious downsides in regards to potential job losses, it also has some other less obvious benefits. This technology could allow parents/partners to spend more time with their families as opposed to spending that time on domestic chores. It could also be of advantage to people that are time-poor and don’t have the time to ensure that they eat healthily. The robot could ensure that they have a healthy home cooked meal ready for them when they return home from work that could improve their health massively if they normally have to rely on Fast Food/Takeout due to time constraints. The people that would most likely be affected by this development in the technology are end users as they would be in the best position to benefit from the use of this product.If this product were to become a reality in the near future, I believe that it could have a massive impact on my life.</p>
 <p>The potential time that I could gain by having a robot like the Tesla-Bot would allow me to make massive changes in my life. By eliminating the time needed to perform household chores such as cooking, cleaning and grocery shopping, I would have more time to focus on myself and my family. It would allow me to have more time to focus on my studies, and by extension set up the rest of my life/career. If I had more time to spend on studies, I could have my degree finished quicker as well as get a job in the industry a lot quicker than my current plans would allow. This could practically shave years off of my current life plan and allow me to live a better life quicker than would otherwise.</p> 
  
   
  <h3>Bibliography:</h3>
  
<p>Encyclopedia Britannica. 2021. robot | Definition, History, Uses, Types, & Facts. [online] Available at: <https://www.britannica.com/technology/robot-technology> [Accessed 9 October 2021].</p> 
  
<p>Boston Dynamics. 2021. Atlas. [online] Available at: <https://www.bostondynamics.com/atlas> [Accessed 9 October 2021].
The Conversation. 2021. Elon Musk’s Tesla Bot raises serious concerns – but probably not the ones you think. [online] Available at: <https://theconversation.com/elon-musks-tesla-bot-raises-serious-concerns-but-probably-not-the-ones-you-think-166714> [Accessed 9 October 2021].</p>
  
<p>Staff, R., 2021. 7 Key Robot Applications in Automotive Manufacturing. [online] Robotics Business Review. Available at: <https://www.roboticsbusinessreview.com/manufacturing/7-key-robot-applications-in-automotive-manufacturing/> [Accessed 9 October 2021].</p>
 
 <p><b> Madiha Sabahat on Natural language Processing and Chatterbots.</b></p>
 
 <h3>Natural Language processing (NLP) and chatterbots.</h3>
<p>Natural Language Processing is a branch of Artificial intelligence that gives computers the ability to understand spoken words the same way human beings can. It includes translation software, chatbots, spam filters, and search engines,  grammar correction software, Predictive text, voice assistants, and social media monitoring tools. 
 According to an article written in <b>“ZAPPY.AI”</b> talking about the current state of art in NLP, the author states that, By analysing text, computers infer how humans speak, and this computerized understanding of human languages can be exploited for numerous use-cases. Applications of NLP include sentiment analysis- where an NLP model can predict the kind of sentiment that a piece of text it operates upon expresses, virtual chat-bots- which are robots that interact with humans via text, having the ability to understand and provide logical responses to text messages sent by humans, speech recognition - technology commonly used in speech-to-text converters, now commonplace in mobile phones and video streaming websites, and several others.</p>
<p>State of the art techniques in NLP:
Few of the NLP techniques include Optical character Recognition, Named entity recognition, Sentiment analysis, Text classification and Topic Modelling.
 <b>RNN:</b> Recurrent Neural Network is a widely used neural network architecture for NLP. It has proven to be comparatively accurate and efficient for building language models and in tasks of speech recognition.
 <b>LSTM’s:</b> Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks are a modified version of recurrent neural networks, which makes it easier to remember past data in memory. LSTM is well-suited to classify, process and predict time series given time lags of unknown duration.</p>
<p>As mentioned in an article in Zappy.Al , other state of art techniques in NLP are, The BERT mode, Transformer-XL and compressive transformers.
Over the years NLP tools have evolved from recurrent neural networks (RNN’s) to Long Short-Term Memory Networks (LSTM’s), leading upto the <b>“Transformer”</b> model architectures and several variants of the same, and some revolutionary new models
Current applications in NLP include Customer service, Automotive, health care and many other. Daily we use different personal assistant devices including Google Home, Alexa, Cortana, Bixby. Everyone with a smartphone has access to them. In Health care NLP is doing revolutionary work, according to Global Hitachi solutions, primary use cases of Natural Language processing in Healthcare are Improving clinical documentation, accelerating clinical trial matching and supporting clinical decisions.</p>
 
<p>Future possibilities with NLP are endless. In an interview given to EMERJ, Vlad Sejnoha (Senior Vice President and CTO at Nuance since 2001) discussed future possibilities of NLP. Vlad talks about Nuance’s vision for a<b> “medical ambient intelligence”</b> using NLP technologies in healthcare. It includes Information discovery and retrieval, Diagnostic assistance, virtual health care assistant, Image classification and report generation. Some of the insights from the future vision of Vlad’s published in EMERJ, Human like virtual assistants, Information retrieval from unstructured data and Smart search in which Users will be able to search via voice commands rather than typing or using keywords.
Some of the areas which are on the peak of being transformed by natural language processing as mentioned in an article in <b>‘fast data science’</b> by Thomas are Health care, Pharmaceuticals, Finance and Legal and insurance.</p>
 
 <p>NLP is being used for stroke treatment, suicide prevention, safety information in pharma, interpreting clinical trial protocols and legal document processing. He says in conclusion that <b>“Natural language processing"</b> has already transformed a number of industries. However, certain areas such as healthcare and finance have been held back in the past by regulatory or ethical considerations, as well as the sheer practical difficulty of solving their big data problems with AI, despite possessing goldmines of unstructured text data. We have already seen machine learning transform the structured data in these industries, while natural language processing has tailed closely behind. We can look forward to huge and long-awaited improvements in healthcare, pharma, the law, insurance, and finance.”</p>
 
<p>According to an article written by Gemma Chilton, Natural Language Processing is bridging the gap between computers and humans – and creating job opportunities for engineers with a knack for language. AI job opportunities are growing by the day, with high-profile players like Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Amazon vying for NLP researchers and engineers to join their companies.
Natural Language processing already has a huge impact on our daily lives, mine too. Using personal assisting devices, including Alexa and google home. Email filters that help keep Junk and Spam emails away. Search engines have become so much better over time. I use Predictive a lot while writing formal documents and emails. Language Translation feature has helped a lot while traveling foreign countries or even making new friends.
My grandfather lives alone and he uses personal assistance devices that are voice activated and it has made it very easy for him to perform tasks around the house, everything is voice activated including lights, TV, locks, etc. 
I never knew much about it before researching this topic but now I am looking forward to the future of NLP and how it will affect our daily lives.</p>
 
 

 <h3>Bibliography.</h3>

<p>Careers with STEM. (2018). What is Natural Language Processing? [online] Available at: https://careerswithstem.com.au/what-is-natural-language-processing
 / [Accessed 9 Oct. 2021].</p>
‌<p>Madhavan, R. (n.d.). Natural Language Processing - Current Applications and Future Possibilities. [online] Emerj. Available at: https://emerj.com/partner-content/nlp-current-applications-and-future-possibilities/.</p>
‌<p>ZappyAI. (n.d.). The Current State of the Art in Natural Language Processing (NLP). [online] Available at: https://zappy.ai/ai-blogs/the-current-state-of-the-art-in-natural-language-processing-nlp.</p> 
‌<p>Bajpai, A. (2021). Recurrent Neural Networks: Deep Learning for NLP. [online] Medium. Available at: https://towardsdatascience.com/recurrent-neural-networks-deep-learning-for-nlp-37baa188aef5
 [Accessed 9 Oct. 2021].</p>
<p>Admin, Q. (2020). Natural Language Processing Explained: How Can it Impact My Business? [online] Quantilus. Available at: https://quantilus.com/natural-language-processing-explained-how-can-it-impact-my-business/
 [Accessed 9 Oct. 2021].</p>
‌
